That the text will be captured and the entire context will be obliterated.
That the text will be captured and the entire context will be lost.
What happened?
If you merely transcribe the text, in whatever form, you could take it in shorthand, you could type it.
you know in your uh style of uh in your style of margins and character and whatever so you could um what if you um had a typewriter and you just copied out the gutenberg bible you can do that you can even take a picture of it well my fear is that you would just copy it out instead of taking the picture
The notes will file.
Roger Starnett says tonight during my presentation at the Friends of the Harvard College Library that in the chapter about the immigrated booksellers, to be sure and take note not only of the booksellers who got out and who changed the flow and the direction of books, but also those who did not.
those whose mortal remains were consumed by flames just as the books destroyed by the Nazis.
More to come.
Thank you.